Improve `CONTRIBUTING.md` (#1060)
netlify/build: CONTRIBUTING.md

npm test
```

Linting and prettification is performed automatically on `git push`. However you should run them before any `git commit`
using:

```bash
npm run format
```

Alternatively you can setup your IDE to integrate with Prettier and ESLint for JavaScript and Markdown files.

> This is a monorepo. Below are a list of packages [here](packages).

Reviewer: Editing to make a little more sense now that the list is gone.

```suggestion
This is a monorepo. You can find the included packages in the [packages](packages) directory.
```

Author: Oh that was completely improper grammar there. :fr:
